DOCS/man/options: clarify how --shuffle and --playlist work (#18297)
mpv-player/mpv: DOCS/man/options.rst

``--pause``
    Start the player in paused state.

``--shuffle=<yes|no>``

>     Make the player perform a playlist shuffle in the following situations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Play files in random order.
    This works by shuffling the playlist at the following points:
```

      1. At player startup before playback starts. The files specified in the

>          commandline arguments are shuffled. Note that the directories and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. At player startup before playback starts. The files specified on the
         command line are shuffled. Note that the directories and
```
